{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 	Malwort. Tomorrow you will be initiated into the Wizards guild. You will be my apprentice, as your mother wanted. Though you are spiteful, ungrateful, and arrogant you do have the makings to be a good and proper Wizard. There is a tradition in the guild, and though I have little tolerance for ceremonial nonsense and traditional ballyhoo, this one is important. You have no doubt heard the fables of the origins of our guild. I am sure your mind is overstuffed with the garbage piled up by the ages of stupidity that men call \'93Religion\'94. It is time to correct your ignorance. I have no interest in what you \'93Believe\'94. Just know that what I am about to tell you is the truth concerning the origins of this world and our precarious place in it. So go, young fool, fill the chamber pot and come back to me. I don\'92t need you pissing yourself while I am trying to speak.\
\
	In the ancient days the beings of the world huddled in fear. They lived their lives at the whims of the Dark Lords. These beings of flame and nightmare were born eons ago deep within the Abyss. They toiled for ages making a great gate fashioned form the bones of primordial gods, the wrathful makers of the abyss slaughtered by their own creations. This gate allowed them to storm the heavens. They brought with them chaos, depravity, and death. Even the gods of heaven began to fear death. The Dark Lords entropic touch was like an infection, a corrosive rust that brought death to immortals. The gods walled themselves up in their higher realms, cutting themselves off from most of the world. This was called the Black Gold gate, black with death and terror on the the outside, golden and peaceful on the other. In truth though, it was no gate at all, but an impenetrable wall that none could ever hope to pass. They give the demons most of their Kingdom and for ages they raged.  \
\
	Not all of the immortals fled behind the Black Gold Gate however. A regiment of Seraphim, immortal warriors who served the gods in battle, stayed behind the wall. The Seraphim were pale of skin with hair that ranged from white gold to flaming red and long ears pointed ears supposedly to hear the call of the gods. The also had great Ivory feathered wings that they used to travel back and forth from the heavens. Their were many Seraphim who fought against the Dark Lords, with great ferocity and bravery, and also at great sacrifice (it was known that repeated contact with the beasts of the abyss resulted in a forfeiture of immortality). None were more dedicated nor more fearsome than Lord Morningstar. He was the commander of the Light Bringers, a host of Seraphim that even the most vile of the Dark Lords rightly feared. When the gods had called them back home Lord Morningstar had refused the call. He and his company of warriors cut their wings from their backs, essentially destroying any possibility of escape. They refused to return home until the Black Gold gate could be reopened and the Dark Lords were banished back into the abyss. They chose to protect the races of men and beast that dwelt upon the earth, battling the Dark Lords wherever they could  Though long aged living among the Dark Lords and rendered them mortal. Many of the Seraphim eventually took wives and husbands from the surviving humans, their children would become the race known as elves. \
\
	Before the invasion of the Dark Lords Humans had been just another animal on the face of the earth, not unlike their other primate cousins in the great jungles in the south. The Elves, being related to both the Seraphim and the Humans, would work as cultural intermediaries between the two. The Elves lived in great cities built in the high forests and served the Seraphim who ruled them. A lucky few humans lived near enough to the Seraphim to be protected. The rest of humanity, however, had to live amongst the Dark Lords. There were foul demon cities in the south where humanity was taken as slaves, as cattle, and as sacrifice for the creatures of the Abyss. Humanity battled long and hard fro their place in the world. When things were dire sometimes the Seraphim and the Elves would intervene, other times they would not. These powerful beings often seemed fickle and capricious and some of the Humans even began to mistrust them. Some desperate folk to the south even began worshipping the Dark Lords, and their rewards for such service was perhaps a slightly longer life of toil and slavery\'85 and so it was for Ages upon Ages.\
\
	There were only so many Seraphim against an endless horde of Dark Lords. As the ages passed their number dwindled, from death in battle and eventually even old age. Lord Morningstar knew that the battle could not be won. He knew he must somehow appeal to the Gods to intervene. Without the Seraphim he knew the world was doomed, and he knew that that day was coming soon. The sages say that Lord Morningstar scaled the Black Gold gate himself. He was gone for what seemed like an age. Rumors of his death were just as common as rumors of betrayal. Had he perished on his ascent, felled by the flaming bow of another Seraphim? Had he been condemned to die for ignoring the calls of the gods? Or perhaps he had simply abandoned the battle, living comfortably behind the Black Gold Gate. One day after generations of men and elves had passed, he returned. He retuned with 7 Keys. When asked about the heavens he would not answer, when asked about the keys he said only that, \'94They are made from the very same material as that infernal door, the bones of Gods.\'94\
\
	After all these long centuries of constant battle and immeasurable suffering Lord Morningstar had a plan.\
\
	Whatever Lord Morningstar had encountered in the heavens had changed him. He was impatient, feverish, driven by passion. He began to raise on army of Elves and Men. He also began to teach them the forbidden arts of Magick. The Gods had long forbidden mortals from using magick. It was controversial among some of the older Seraphim that even they should be allowed to use magick considering they had given up their immortality. Lord Morningstar had long dismissed this as folly and considered the distinction between beings that lived forever and beings that lived nearly forever as more philosophical than actual. Still for millennia he had refused the teaching of this art to any who were not full blooded seraphim. This reversal caused outrage amongst the old guard of Seraphim. For if the Seraphim were mortal, truly magick was all the distinguished them from all other beings? Magick had given them their power over Elves and Men. There was a civil war. The great Capital of the Elves burned. In the end Lord Morningstar prevailed and the Wizards guild was formed. \
\
	The Elves, sharing the blood of the Seraphim, took to magick quickly and expertly. Humans, not so much. It took generations for our species to master even the beginnings of magick. In the ancient days they left an honorary seat open for a human to sit on the Wizards high council, but it was treated as little more than a joke. There is just only so much we can learn in a short life time. Remember that Malwort\'85.We are human, we are indebted to those who came before us, and those who come after us. Humanities power is in our ability to come together and create things. Let the damned elves live alone on lofty mountain tops. They have the time for such nonsense, we do not. No where was I? Oh the war, you want to know what happened? Are you sitting here right now, having this conversation, we won the damn thing didn\'92t we? You silly prat.\
\
 	Lord Morningstar and the Elves battled back the Dark Lords. Men mostly fought with sword, axe, and lance, but their were a few great human Wizards in those days. Modern Wizards dwarf them these days as the Elves and Seraphim did then, but what made them great was more about their personal intelligence, creativity, and luck than say calling upon hellfire and raining death upon their enemies. Another important lesson. Your mind is a greater weapon than your staff. Am I being heavy handed? By the glazed over look on your eyes I fear I am being too subtle. Don\'92t be a nitwit. If you\'92re to be my student you won\'92t be a damn embarrassment! Sit up straight! Quit Squirming! I told you to piss earlier its not my fault if you can\'92t follow a simple direction! \
\
 	In the end the Dark Lords were driven back into their gate. The 7 Gods bone Keys were given to the greatest warriors in each army. It wasn\'92t only just humans, Seraphim, and Elves by that point. The Giants fought too. The Serpent Men\'85vile things\'85They still are. They were Foul servants to the Dark Lords who bit their masters back when the tides turned.  The Dragons, who had long held a neutral position (living in the mountains to the far north afforded them much distance), I suppose got sick of millennia of goat eating also joined the fray. There where other armies of lesser known beasts (beasts of lesser renown as well, such as orcs, goblins, and trolls). Lord Morningstar and his Seraphim Warriors passed into the Abyss and bade the seven warriors to seal the gate behind them. It seems his war with them was not over. The Gate of the apocalypse has been shut ever since. As has the Black Gold Gate for that matter\'85\
\
 	The rest is fairly common knowledge. After an age the Elves voluntarily retreated from life, leaving the affairs of the mortal world to humans. Some chose to chastity to end their line Phhhh! Others retreated to live in the forests like animals. Then there are the damnable vampires. There is much myth about them, but I can tell you their true tale another day. It is as pitiable and wretched as you could imagine. Also there is the Black Gold City. A joke I assure you. A few elves living in the filth of their former glory begging the gods to open their gate. What Gods? Bah! What kind of god abandons its creation to indignity, misery, and suffering? No god of mine. \
\
 	The Dragons attempted to rule as the demons did, but those disgusting Fungus men took care of that. Disgusting smelly things. There are no Dragon Slayers like them though. We owe those rotten festering slimes a debt of gratitude I suppose. The Giants are all but dead. I hear about them from time to time. A whisper here, a distant sighting there, I think its mostly horseshit, but who knows? The Serpent Men Have their Kingdom. That hellish swamp! Let them have and let them stay there.I have no use for them\'85and they have too many uses for me. Then there are the Orcs, goblins, and trolls. The so called beast men. Don\'92t count them out yet young Malwort. We were once beast men ourselves. I fear that one day they will rise up to try and take out place as rulers of this world. \
\
 	Oh the Seven warriors, the bearers of the Keys to the gates of the Apocalypse? The Elf Kings Rolli and Vladimir. King Rolli has a great tomb in the catacombs of the bone palace. King Vladimir, curse his name, the father of vampires. He still lives\'85if you can call it that\'85.feeding on blood to perpetuate his false immortality. Xul is worshiped like a god in the dread city of Xibalba. I am sure that he is millennia dead. I know very little about the serpantkin and their damnable practices and thats fine with me!  There was Borri the Giant Axeman. In those ancient days the Giants had no kings, but his descendants would go on to found the first Kingdoms. I have heard that even though he was a fierce warrior he was also gentle and kind. Some say he even practiced magick, but that seems unlikely to me.  Then their was Baal the Dragon King. That immortal tyrant. He was not slain in the dragon wars and still roosts in the mountains to the north. Let him live in eternal fear of the Fungus Folk and their spores the bastard! Two keys were given to humans for safe keeping. One was given to the Warrior Faufin Alfand. The current lineage is supposedly directly descended from him. Thats garbage, made up so the current butcher can seem legitimate. Faufin was a butcher too. A killer of men, women, and children it could be that he is the progenitor of the current king if only because he had so many children through rape! Either way they have his key. Though I have heard that Faufin lost it himself and that it was only reclaimed a few centuries ago. \
\
  	And of course there was the Human Wizard Xavier. You have studied him I know. The first human to sit on the high council and in a way the founder of our order as it stands today. That key is still with us. The Head of the High Council keeps the damned thing on a necklace. Old Fool. One day some young upstart will ring his neck with it.That pale faced disciple of his is as good a candidate as any. To the Abyss with them both. With the other keys all is conjecture, and better left that way. It is far better to keep those keys separate. We know were one is at all times, and that is good enough to keep it out of the hands of the enemy. The Dark Lords would be most grateful to anyone willing to open that door for them. Although one would certainly be a fool to trust in the gratitude of demons. }